Doc: Add recipe for blobs (#446)
rocicorp/replicache: doc/docs/recipe-blobs.md

this by using a compression algorithm but that adds more complexity to the code.

For example if you have a profile picture in your user data you can do something like:

```ts
// npm install base64-arraybuffer
import * as base64 from 'base64-arraybuffer';

type User = {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  picture: Uint8Array;
};

type RepUser = {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  // Note how Replicache needs to use a string here!
  picture: string;
};

const rep = new Replicache({
  mutators: {
    async setUserData(tx: WriteTransaction, user: RepUser) {
      await tx.put(`user/${user.id}`, user);
    },
  },
});

async function setUserData(rep: Replicache, user: User) {
  const {id, name, picture} = user;
  const repUser = {
    id,
    name,
    picture: base64.encode(picture.buffer),
  };
  await rep.mutate.setUserData(repUser);
}

async function getUserData(rep: Replicache, id: string): Promise<User> {
  const repUser = await rep.query(tx => tx.get(`user/${id}`));
  const {id, name, picture} = repUser;
  return {
    id,
    name,
    picture: new Uint8Array(base64.decode(picture)),
  };
}
```

### Best practices when using base64

> If your binary data is not small and does not change frequently it is probably

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your binary data is large and changes infrequently it is probably
```

when the data is large and you do not want the overhead of base64 encoding.
Another reason might be that you want to store the files directly to S3 or
something similar.

This gets significantly more complicated since the data is no longer kept in
sync by Replicache and you need to manage the syncing yourself.

To make things a little bit simpler we are going to treat blobs as immutable and
use content adressed data.

We are going to walk through an example where we store the blobs locally in a
[CacheStorage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage).
We will continue with the profile picture as an example.

### Setting up the server

Since we need to sync the data between clients and the data is no longer managed
by Replicache we need the server to cooperate. The server will need an endpoint
to upload the data to and another endpoint to download the data from.

#### Upload endpoint

The upload endpoint will be a `PUT` handler at `/blob/<hash>`. The hash is the content address of the blob.

#### Download endpoint

This endpoint will be a `GET` handler at `/blob/<hash>`. The hash is the content address of the blob.

### Keep the blob hashes in the Client View

> To sync the blobs to the client we keep the hashes of the blobs in the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync the blobs to the client we keep the hashes of the blobs the user should have at any point in time in the client
```

```ts
rep.subscribe(
  (tx: ReadTransaction) => tx.scan({prefix: 'blob/'}).keys().toArray(),
  {
    async onData(keys: string[]) {
      for (const key of keys) {
        const hash = key.slice('blob/'.length);
        await downloadBlob(hash);
      }
    },
  },
);

// This should be the same as the name used with Replicache.
const cacheName = 'profile-pictures';

async function downloadBlob(hash: string) {
  // Check if we already have the blob.
  const cache = await caches.open(cacheName);
  const url = `/blob/${hash}`;
  const resp = await cache.match(url);
  if (!resp) {
    // not in cache
    const r = await fetch(url);
    if (r.ok) {
      await cache.put(url, r);
    } else {
      // Try again next time.
      // TODO: handle error better
    }
  }
}
```

#### Uploading the blob

We could just upload the blob and sync the data using a `pull`, which would in
turn download the file. This is the simplest way to do it but the downside is
that we have to redownload the file directly after we upload it. One way to
prevent this is to keep the uploaded state in the client view as well.

```ts
async function uploadBlob(rep, data, hash) {

>   // Since we already have the blob here, we might as well add it to

Reviewer: This part is so cool.

      const hash = key.slice('blob/'.length);
      const {uploaded} = value;
      await syncBlob(rep, cache, hash, uploaded);
    }
  },
});

async function syncBlob(rep, cache, hash, uploaded) {
  const response = await cache.match(blobURL(hash));
  if (response) {
    if (!uploaded) {
      const buffer = await response.arrayBuffer();
      await uploadBlob(rep, new Uint8Array(buffer), hash);
    }
  } else {
    const resp = await downloadBlob(hash);
    if (resp.ok) {
      await cache.put(blobURL(hash), resp);
      if (!uploaded) {
        // Mark as uploaded, so we don't try to upload it again.
        await rep.mutate.addBlob({hash, uploaded: true});
      }
    }
  }
}

// Change download blob to do nothing but download
async function downloadBlob(hash) {
  return await fetch(blobURL(hash));
}
```

The above code should now work for both upload and download. When we add data we
register the hash in Replicache and we store the blob in a CacheStorage cache.
We subscribe to changes in Replicache keys starting with `'blob/'` and resync
the file as needed when this changes.

#### Pull Response

The above works well for blobs added by the current client. However, if we want

> to get blobs from other clients we need to ensure that the pull resonponse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to get blobs from other clients we need to ensure that the pull response
```
